There is nothing wrong with letting people who love you help you. Not that I love you. I just met you.
Keeping a level head is a sign of a great leader.
While it is great to believe in one self, a little help from others can be a great blessing.
Power and perfection are overrated. I think you are wise to choose happiness and love.
Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.
Eugh! This tea is nothing more than hot leaf-juice!
Protection and power are overrated. I think you are very wise to choose happiness and love. There are reasons each of us are born. we have to find those reasons.
Follow your passion (Zuko), and life will reward you.
Pride is not the opposite of shame, but it's source. True humility is the only antidote to shame.
I believe people can change their mind if they want to. I believe in second chances.
Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.
It's time for you to look inward and begin asking yourself the big questions: who are you, and what do you want?
Be careful what you wish for, Admiral. History is not always kind to its subjects.
Are you so busy fighting you cannot see your own ship has set sail?
It is important to draw wisdom from different places. If you take it from only one place it becomes rigid and stale.
Sometimes life is like this dark tunnel, you can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you just keep moving, you will come to a better place.
It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur, and to seek to restore honor.
I know you're not supposed to cry over spilled tea, but it's just so sad!
You're looking at the rare white dragon bush. Its leaves make a tea so delicious it's heartbreaking! That, or it's the white jade bush, which is poisonous.
Failure is the only opportunity to begin again.
Sometimes, the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.
Good times become good memories, but bad times make good lessons.
In the darkest times, Hope is something that you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength.
